the way that I'm preparing for my next promotion is by understanding what
is the Navy actually looking for for the individuals that they intend
to promote to the next pay grade. So every year, the certain documents
are published for those that are moving up in rank, whether
you're going from EA six toe Chief Chief to senior chief senior Chief
Toe Master, Chief Petty Officer, there's documents that are posed
to say, this is what the Navy is looking for on individuals that, um,
are not only meeting goals, but also exceeding those. And so my goal
is if I want to get promoted, the next rank is to understand where
the Navy is heading and what it wants to do by reading those documents
and making sure that I'm aligning the work that I'm doing to that,
um, that's gonna give me my best opportunity to promote